# Grand Theft Auto 5 Multiplayer - G5M
###### Not to be confused with GTA:MP or FiveM

G5M is a GTA 5 multiplayer mod. Development is focused on getting the server to a playable stage right now,
and as such the anything else is going to receive little attention.

You can download experimental builds of this mod from the releases tab.

## Roadmap

Ticked items are implemented, unticked ones are either a work in progress or yet to come.

- [x]  Dedicated server
- [ ]  Anticheat
- [x]  Basic Client
- [x]  Player movement synchronization
- [ ]  Full entity synchronization
- [x]  Fast entity streaming
- [x]  Text Chat
- [x]  Native user interface
- [ ]  Vanilla bug fixes
- [ ]  Mod bug fixes
- [ ]  Map fixes
- [ ]  GTA 4 Features
- [ ]  Seamless DLC integration

## Running

G5M currently works as a .asi mod, and depends on ScriptHookV. To run this mod, you will need to have
the ASI loader (`dinput8.dll`), ScriptHookV itself (`ScriptHookV.dll`), and the mod's ASI file all in the
GTA 5 game folder.

It will generate a logfile which you can see the mod's events in, in case something breaks. It will also
attempt to load a .ini file for reading your nickname and quick-connect server. (F3 connects to this, and
F4 disconnects.) It's not required however, and you can still connect to any server by using the in-game
menu. Note that this file is not generated by default, you must make it yourself. Attempting to use any of
the features included in this file will cause the G5M client to crash.

The server shouldn't require any special configuration at this point in time.

## Building

###### Client
Building the client is done using the Visual Studio 2022 Preview.

###### Server
Building the server can be done on Linux using `make`, or on Windows with Visual Studio. This is handled
via `cmake`. On Linux you will need to have the ENet library installed (eg. on Debian, the package is
`libenet-dev`), and on Windows you will need to locate the library manually.

## Contributing

If you want to contribute please add me on Discord, my handle is sallreds#1670.

## License

	This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
	it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
	the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
	(at your option) any later version.

	This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
	but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
	MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
	GNU General Public License for more details.

	You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
	along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
